The actual problem is that:

    Tasks are projected into the future based in a table of jobs, with a job with a valid period start
    this works well for individual tasks, but not for collective or "group tasks"

    Code problem identified is that "after" field is waiting to find in the scheduler in the same day the designated "after"
    but as they are scheduled individually the in memory scheduler have no register of this "after" task required... even if is in debug

    We could just asure order and gather from db "after" tasks and try in reasonable period again.

    But i think this is not a strong system, in which we can rely

Proposal:

    Asure history of questionary for an app is saved, since this is a feature planed, we can push it directly
    then with the questionary execute again the cloud_app_runner for a target day of the repetition.


    This holds benefits, like we get on every repetition period app updates if the dev changes something important, so next period will get this feature.

    This have another problem, maybe we need to invalidate questionary and ask the user for respond new questionary.

    But i think this is a way to the future, and even in the future we can hold even more control in this invalidations.

    So with this solution we just replay the questionary for a given day.

    And this should work out of the box without additional casuistics in to the algorithm, same bucket of logic, same testing.

How:
    Currently we store "history" as array format for an iterable ordered question answer with rich types format
    So we just need to detect a given need of rescheduling
        New Rescheduling:
            - Now we have a job per task.
            - We need to move to a job per group
            - In the future release can be to a discovery so this pass could be removed, but for easyness of testing... job per group
            - Store in the job
        Once we know which group is scheduling,
        We need a new type of job, for group scheduling, instead the clone one.
        Will target a specific day, the system will target then the app and the user for a given day in the group scheduler
        group scheduling will need to be able to filter a specific group? if multiple groups?
    ...
